# 2024week26

## Monday

Barely had some time at work to set up my laptop, still - I'm half way there. Also after following my arch.md I found some stuff I have to fix there today. I found some more AI tools, but I have to write the old part I was going to yesterday before my laptop went kaput.

### TO-DO Tommorow:

+ .bashrc
+ git credentials
+ vim

# 2024week25

## Sunday

My fucking Samsung Pro 980 died... Had to try and restore some stuff from it, even harder when it's hardware password protected. I reinstalled everything, restored my backup painfully hard, and still havent setup my OS anywhere near. That's why you should keep your dot files and config in Git, but it works better for floating window managers. I havent gotten there yet.

## Saturday

Today I had some time to look at the story of "Mad Cows" and "Lupht", and their defcon 99. Awesome stuff! I have to also finish my [ai.md](https://github.com/wander-mind/linux/blob/main/ai.md) so that I can move on to linux comands next.

## Friday

I am continuing my work on my [ai.md](https://github.com/wander-mind/linux/blob/main/ai.md) and prepairing more stuff around it.

## Thursday

I need to also follow a tutorial on script-based prompts for LLM's that provoke it to give proper results. Looks like something verry usefull, I have to check it out NOW!

- Also I must not forget to see how to set **NOT** give my GitHub repos content to microsoft for them not to train AI on my back and teach it my code... I think it involved some E-Mailing and what not, something obnoxious like that.

## Wednesday

We had a Backgammon tournament at work, over 50 people. I was there all day playing... I lost 😥

## Tuesday

Alright, since I am staring all over, I went through my entire basics Linux terminal guide, but I got to cron-jobs and didn't get it. I just have never used them. I need to do so, so I will search up on information and later update my notes on that.

After that, I am ashamed to admit, I need to learn to program in Linux... I'm a loser, I know. All I have used till now was that Visual Studio bullshit 50GB of a program to write and compile text on that dumpster-fire of an OS. And some unit testing and coding in VS Code in JS, but I digress..

Here's the gameplan for now, I need to fufill it and then move on:

+ Finnish the linux-basics notes with cronjobs there.
+ Setup crypto wallets to transfer my funds to and to make donation accounts:
    + BTC, BTC cash, ETH, Monero, Paypal, Buy me a coffee...
+ Begin with my vim notes so I can learn it like I should.
+ Redo all my coding assignments the linux way.
+ Learn LaTeX, R.
    + Make me a new CV the LaTeX way.
+ Once I get used to the vim way of life, switch to a TWM.
+ Emacs...
+ Buissness card.

Maybe 2 months for this... I'm too busy at work today, I start tommorow.

## Monday

Did my README.md for my Linux repo, also added some of my notes there. Had to edit them a bit beforehand. It's all stuff I don't mind at all people looking at and I know that with the nature of git that what ever policy changes and banning , and what not that I can always move elsewhere and won't lose my data. I just have to get into the workflow of working from my git folders, and not ... where-ever before that on my PC.

# 2024week24

## Sunday

Beach day! Day off.

## Saturday

Time to edit my README.md a bit.. It's important..

Ok, first of all I need to prepair my notes for Linux basics. I need to reorganise and upload them. I also have a huge list of videos I have qued to watch, mostly by my favorite tech youtubers: Luke Smith, Distro Tube, Mental Outlaw, Rob Braxman, and Network Chuck. I just chose the topic, watch carefuly, redo all they do, figure if it's helpful or not, and if so - I add it to my notes. They are all in text form, someday I might implement a LLM to parse me the info i am looking for in the way i likee it and understand it. Sounds like a good and useful idea.

## Friday

Interesting changes made to GitHub... I find out that if I have 2FA enabled that I am forced to use a Personal Access Token. I set it up in git, np. I am prepairing also the projects I have half-baked untill now for gradual uploading. Seems it's going to be fun.

I study at the Software University of Sofia, bulgaria, and I am 3 months away from graduating as a Quality Assurance Engineer. I have planned to re-read and redo all my notes and asignments and showcase what I have learned. Also I have C++ OOP from my university, university book and SoftUni that I have studied and made projects for, I have to redo and relearn all that here too. also JS, C#, and Python. All in it's time. I have plans to learn and master a bit of docker, relearn some computer networking, make my first websites, learn LaTeX, Vim, and Emacs for linux, make a professional CV, make my own buissness card, make my own mail server, make a simple game, commit to atleast one linux related project, host my writing projects, my linux journey, dot files.... many tasks I have started to plan and construct.

But enough tutorial hell, here we go! Soon.. bit by bit... 0...1...0..0..0..1..

## Thursday

I Am starting my GitHub journey again. I will start over. My goal for now is to create a compilation of knowledge, all the different projects I am undertaking, how I got to know about them, why I need them, and how I will use them. I am currently a SysAdmin studying SQA and some programming, and most importantly - getting back into the Linux game. I use Arch BTW! This will be my linux/main/journaling repo, I will document all my work here. I feel that procrastination is my main hurdle, so by believing that someone is watching my every movement, analising me on my journey, and maybe even give me tips on the way, I will succeed on my journey learning and practising all the exciting fields in the IT world, and one day become someone decently knowledgable, with a proper IT carrer with a wonderful job. A GitHub-IT-QA-Programming-Linuxing-nerdy-Project building blog... So corny. I want to make this a daily thing to keep consistancy, discipline is the most important aspect. That's it for now.
